It turns out that I have always been wrong about you
Alienation must wait for me
I really can't drink anymore
Ouch blame me blame me blame me
Mr. Lu hasn't enjoyed it yet
Why do I want to get started?
Oh, blame me, blame me too.
Wait until Mr. Lu gets tired of playing
Throw it to yourself
Is it okay to taste it?
I won't sign the contract
I'm not going to talk about the project.
Luo Qixiu, not only how can you bully people?
Want to go now
Not yet
I'm already married.
I advise you to let go of me if you don't
You beast let me go
Wow
Vice President, why are you here?
Why are you here?
From today onwards
I'm going to make their industry disappear completely
As for the dew
Worse all night
Smoking is still capable
I actually bumped into you
Mr. Lu, what you have to worry about now
It should be that Lu Enterprises is at risk of divestment